Front End Foundations Final Project
Now that you have completed the Front End Foundations Course, you should be able to build a complete website using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and Bootstrap. In this project, we will be testing what you have learned. You will be creating a Car Dealership to test your abilities. This project is to be completed outside of the browser, using your IDE, or editor of choice.

Requirements
HTML
You will need at least four pages: Home(index), Inventory, About, and Contact Page.
Each page should have Navigation to and from the page.
The Inventory list should implement a template to display at least five different vehicles.
The Home page should incorporate a video that plays when the user enters the page.

CSS/LESS
All CSS should be written in a LESS file.
A minimum of three different fonts.
Each page needs to be styled differently.

JavaScript/jQuery
Use jQuery to dynamically fill the Inventory table.
Use jQuery for immediate search results of inventory, and should display message if no results found.
Ability to calculate tax based on the given vehicle price. (.08% tax)

Bootstrap
Responsive Site using Bootstraps grid system.
Implement a responsive Navbar for mobile and tablet use.
Implement a carousel on the top of Inventory to showcase the cars.
Tip! When designing your Car Dealership, have a theme in mind. This can include everything from a color scheme to the placement of items on the page. For inspiration view your favorite online stores.

Grading
Meets all Requirements: 50% of your grade will be based on meeting the requirements.
Timely Submission: 25% of your grade will be based on having a complete solution on time.
Style: 25% of your grade will be based on having legible, and well-designed code.
Be sure to save your solution, and be prepared to share it with your Instructor or Mentor during your next class, or check-in.

Tip! Your Instructor or Mentor may test your program with additional inputs, so be sure to test it thoroughly with different scenarios.